on the fifth I'm ruthless relentless a
guy with split personality I'll fill you
with love on the feel you will feel
coming to my territory and I hit you and
as you're getting up
you will remember 36 you remember of me
I am Dakota was one of the most powerful
players in the ACC Dakota Watson no
doubt puts his heart hustle and soul
into every game he plays he's a
natural-born leader he leaves verbally
and he leaves in his actions and Dakota
has great speed for a linebacker
probably as fast as most linebacker in
the United States you know it and it has
a wonderful enthusiasm about him that's
contagious to the other player this
explosive linebacker has a history of
getting to the quarterback not only it's
ranked second in the nation or four and
a half sacks for the 2000
but ESPN policy rentacoder number seven
in the top ten list of workout warriors
I mean sports a weightlifting and it's
our life this is how we're gonna eat in
the long run this is how I'm gonna
support my family so I put a I feel like
it's a lot that I must do to continue to
perform and be ready for this game for
those who know Dakota he can be
described as a polite and well-mannered
gentleman but this athlete has another
side of intensity and passion that has
advanced and far in the game of football
people have caught you know called me I
was having two types of personalities a
lot of people seem that nice to coat off
you know
yes melanoma yes sir no sir and shaking
hand laughing which and then on when I'm
on the field it's a different I'm a
different type of guy and I mean my
aggression my excitement for the game
when I make plays and other teammates
make plays I take that to heart and I'm
very emotional
I know I made my promise to my mom that
one day I was gonna pay for my
scholarship and they won't have to worry
about me going to school just to see
them up there smiling and I'm part of
that sons make me feel good
they must appoint minute since I could
remember making his parents proud Dakota
has the bragging rights to say he's a
Florida State Seminole he gets to
experience what it's like to play in
front of 83 thousand screaming fans and
Doak Campbell Stadium
but you feel it it's like you feel your
heart but just imagine how heartbeat is
ten times harder you feeling your whole
chest and then people just screaming and
can't even hear the person beside you I
swagger of an athlete a man who is
willing to pull every muscle in his body
to get the job done a florida state
seminoles that is dakota watson today
yes i want to florida state guess i was
with someone over
not many people said it a lot of people
won't like to be on my shoes so I'm
gonna take advantage of it and make sure
that I make the most of it
I'm Samantha Baron for Seminole sports
magazine
you